fix: Enforce operator string length (#288)
honeycombio/helm-charts: charts/refinery/README.md

## Configuring sampling rules

> Use [the Refinery documentation](https://docs.honeycomb.io/manage-data-volume/refinery/sampling-methods/) to learn how to configure your sampling rules. When using the operators `>`, `>=` or `!=` make sure you denote they are strings by using single quotes (`''`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [the Refinery documentation](https://docs.honeycomb.io/manage-data-volume/refinery/sampling-methods/) to learn how to configure your sampling rules. When using the operators `>`, `>=` or `!=` make sure you indicate that they are strings by enclosing them in single quotes. For example, use `'>='`.
```
